[Music]
jadi zhey media road is yeah GBM free
black city blocks
okay odds my Lexus Lena get my free
calls free V chats at Mills saenko 3sat
already all of my contact each don't
know any music wrote it
listen yo
no listen huh
now they stopped out like a hot chops
gone white smoke up I could show the
block new blocks get five cells all over
the beach don't watch that rose all
alone for a kid from the 95 patrols all
over it from the nuts from real D state
okey I mabushii that cheeky bump into
our new way that's the way the dogs down
when I'm moving were raised for the
young boy my dude is like I wouldn't
stop time when I'm moving ooh a trace
for the young boy it might do this
through my tank you might take might not
know D know my through my king if CSU
got like no hype the big night for my
team I take my team try asking Oh black
shit School Road to your block with a
big to a Bubo Bubo up like a pitbull
don't throw to the piece big rule rule d
I got real beef from your H I've been
school you wait like me from know you
been food you eat
I see comedy shit Jules I'm on I got
stopped by woman's I stuck here through
Phoenicians gets my stop soon wrapped up
on Destructoid bunkie Oh time spent your
time in the pen everything black a my
mother so she trying a bit still selling
that bleep got my rep for my dreams you
beside my mom get left in the booth oh
yes it in the blue the wit will ride and
start shooting the stick it's not jack I
know I move G chipping apart from your
ain't new to the bitch
so do I get new to the roads go talk to
the priest a to me to my food
God a nun keep a move on my own and I'm
like my thing let loose if you do that
I'm gonna let you see if you go back you
stay moving it still rody your caps all
used to the bills nice no kinks you see
the girls me I moved easy for my grab
that night he sang dealing up like that
time sales in a bitch saw waiting for
this book you see that I want block my
time in bed Danny don't shine that light
let's go a me or slap mine twice foolish
ride my bike a quarter you put from
doctor you mean
not like dr. M your son twice no cash
my mom's like a corner you told fun he's
done on my teeth
not trying to be four years old and
washed up known in the ends as a husband
that's why I'm I am putting in my work
you see him beyond the timecodes
drafting you want to unfollow me from
faculty ask anyone in a bit scotoma i
get it in front of reading skills from
my table get stacks extreme I Rudy
blacks yeah I got one side FIFA do you
speaking the truth ap the coupon I catch
him get yeah keep doing on quick
reminder I run cheeky wait on boys um
Brooke straight on boy when the talkback
room we've got clothes new we've got
toys and all you ain't got that talkback
piece that you ain't got stats go back
window jack go back equator jack no
family no jack shit shop go make my back
straight for shorter my shape to
asbestos but I shall go on a plasti